# PRIVACY POLICY

Effective Date: 03/22/2022
Last Updated: 03/22/2022

## Introduction

Weclome to Chuman Network Studio

Chuman Network Studio ("us", "we", or "our") operates Musica mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to Musica mobile application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
  * Application means the software program provided by us downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Musica
  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
  * Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

We don't collect any data in our application

## Children's Privacy

We don't collect any data in our application

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

  * By email: i@cman.one